Highlighted use of MUST, MUST NOT and SHOULD where appropriate. (#44)
scionassociation/scion-cp_I-D: draft-dekater-scion-controlplane.md

Sig<sub>i</sub> =
K<sub>i</sub>( SegInfo || ASE<sub>0</sub><sup>(signed)</sup> || Sig<sub>0</sub> || ... || ASE<sub>i-1</sub><sup>(signed)</sup> || Sig<sub>i-1</sub> || ASE<sub>i</sub><sup>(signed)</sup> )

> The signature metadata minimally contains the ISD-AS number of the signing entity and the key identifier of the public key that SHOULD be used to verify the message. For more information on signing and verifying control-plane messages, see the chapter "Signing and Verifying Control-Plane Messages" of the SCION Control-Plane PKI Specification {{I-D.scion-cppki}}.

Reviewer: I think this should be a MUST, however this should be regulated in the PKI dtaft. I''ll just reword to avoid using RFC2119 words
```suggestion
The signature metadata minimally contains the ISD-AS number of the signing entity and the key identifier of the public key to be used to verify the message. For more information on signing and verifying control-plane messages, see the chapter "Signing and Verifying Control-Plane Messages" of the SCION Control-Plane PKI Specification {{I-D.scion-cppki}}.
```

   - The ingress interface to this AS, in the hop field component.
   - The egress interface to the neighboring AS, also in the hop field component.
   - The ISD_AS number of the next AS, in the signed body component of the AS entry.

>    - If the AS has peering links, the control service SHOULD add corresponding peer entry components to the signed body of the AS entry; one peer entry component for each peering link that the AS wants to advertise. The hop field component of each added peer entry MUST have a specified egress interface.

Reviewer: I think this is a MUST rather than a SHOULD

Reviewer: Discussed with @matzf , MAY seems more appropriate, as this is somehow optional if the AS wants to advertise the peering link

```suggestion
   - If the AS has peering links, the control service MAY add corresponding peer entry components to the signed body of the AS entry; one peer entry component for each peering link that the AS wants to advertise. The hop field component of each added peer entry MUST have a specified egress interface.
```

Both the up- and down-segments end at the AS. One could therefore say that by transforming a PCB into a path segment, an AS "terminates" the PCB for this AS ingress interface and at this moment in time.

The control service of a non-core AS MUST perform the following steps to "terminate" a PCB:

1. The control service adds a new AS entry to the PCB. This new AS entry MUST be defined as follows:
   - The next AS MUST NOT be specified.
     - In Protobuf message format, this means that the value of the `next_isd_as` field in the `ASEntrySignedBody` component MUST be "0".
   - The egress interface in the hop field component MUST NOT be specified.
     - In Protobuf message format, this means that the value of the `egress` field in the `HopField` component MUST be "0".

> 2. If the AS has peering links, the control service SHOULD add corresponding peer entry components to the signed body of the AS entry - one peer entry component for each peering link that the AS wants to advertise. The egress interface ID in the hop field component of each added peer entry MUST NOT be specified.

Reviewer: Same as above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If the AS has peering links, the control service MAY add corresponding peer entry components to the signed body of the AS entry - one peer entry component for each peering link that the AS wants to advertise. The egress interface ID in the hop field component of each added peer entry MUST NOT be specified.
```

   message SegmentsRegistrationResponse {}
~~~~

> - `SegmentType`: Specifies the type of the path segment that MUST be registered. Currently, only the following type is used:

Reviewer: I feel that registering the segment is not an absolute requirement to the spec, I'd avoid RFC2119 wording: 
```suggestion
- `SegmentType`: Specifies the type of the path segment to be registered. Currently, only the following type is used:
```
